Creating a VPC with public and private subnets:

1) Choose VPC and choose start VPC wizard.
2) Select  VPC with private and public subnet.
3) In next step specify the public and private subnet ip address range.
4) Choose "Use a NAT instance insted" in elastic ip field and select creat VPC.
5) In Route table option select the route table with main marked "Yes" and associate it to the private subnet created. 
   and select the route table with main marked "No" and associate it to the public subnet.

Setting bastion host:

1) From the services click EC2 and select launch instance.
2) Create an EC2 instance. You can choose Amazon Linux AMI 2017.09.1(HVM), SSD volume type.
3) In configure instance detail, in network select the created VPC and assign subnet to the public subnet. 
   And enable Auto assign public ip option.
4) In the security configuration make sure to open the SSH port 22 in inbound rule (to SSH linux instance). 
   If you want to improve your security to connecting to the instance, You can also make it to listen only to your specific ip address. 
5) Launch the instance.

Setting private instance:

1) Create a new EC2 instance.
2) In configure instance detail, in network select the created VPC and assign subnet to the private subnet.
3) In the security configuration for the inbound rules open the SSH port and select the source as bastion host. 
4) Launch the instance.


Securely connecting to the private EC2 instance through bastion using Putty:

1) You need a private key to access the private instance and it is not advisable to store private key in your bastion host. 
   So following steps can be followed to import the key and connect to your private instance.
2) Convert your private key from PEM format to putty format using PuttyGen. 
   In PuTTYGen, choose Conversions > Import Key and select your PEM-formatted private key. 
   Enter a passphrase and then click Save private key. Save the key as a .ppk file.
3) Open pageant icon and then click “Add Key”. Select the key you have generated using PuttyGen. 
   After adding the key close the pageant.
4) When configuring SSH in putty, expand SSH ->Auth and check “allow agent forwarding” box and 
   leave the “private key file for authentication” field empty.
5) When putty is connected to the public bastion instance. you can connect from the bastion to any other instance 
   in the VPC without having the SSH private key on the bastion. To connect to other instances, use the following command:
      
                       $ ssh <ip-address>
                
6) Now you can see that you have connected to the private instance through bastion host.


Reference : 
    https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/securely-connect-to-linux-instances-running-in-a-private-amazon-vpc/
